
# Caesura Code of Conduct

**Caesura Code of Conduct version 1.0**

Failure to comply with any of the following items will bar you from contributing any further with the project.

1. You cannot identify yourself or any individual in any meaningful way, with exception to any personal profile information on this given platform. Identifying yourself or any individual in any contribution item, including bug reports, will bar you from the project. This includes identifying any features or aspects of your person or persona or the person or persona of any other individual, including opinions and beliefs. This does not include theories for reasons or solutions to bugs or any other practical aspect of the project. Examples of identifying an individual include hotlinking to any off-site profiles or websites that associate with said person that is not directly related to corporate or business identification and transaction. Examples of opinions and personal beliefs include suggesting the project change any aspect of it's functionality, conduct or contributors for no practical or obvious reasons, including such implications or suggestions as changing or renaming a command or utility under the pretense that the name of said item is offensive, upsetting or inappropriate.

2. In compliance with item 1, all contributors and staff will be acknowledged by referring to them as "he", "him", "sir", and collectively "gentlemen" to ensure complete and total anonymity and lack of acknowledgement of any personal identification or persona of any kind whatsoever. Again, any and all attempts to argue against this policy will result in you being barred from participating or contributing to this project or communicating with Caesura Software Solutions staff indefinitely. This policy does not apply to artificially-intelligent Caesura Software Solutions staff or any other such automated systems - which may, under certain conditions - be referred to by female pronouns, in honor of Maritime traditions.

3. Attempting to communicate to any contributor within the project's repository for any other reason than in the express interest of assisting the project in it's functionality and stability will result in you being barred from the project. This includes conveying personal beliefs of you or any other individual as stated in item 1. This does not include requests for copyright retention.

4. Any (Then current, within 30 days of the statement being made and then discovered) statements or actions that explicitly or implicitly state you will threaten the life, job, workplace opportunities or livelihood of any single individual, from any website or form of communication, will indefinitely bar you from the project and all related projects under Caesura Software Solutions. This does not include targeting individuals who are in themselves performing an illegal action under any given United States law. Please keep in mind that accusing someone of violating a United States law within the project's repository may or may not violate items 1 and 3, depending on if the individual is actually embedding illegal content into their contributions. Illegal items include violent or terroristic threats against the United States of America and any and all citizens and facilities within. As always, please report any and all illegal activity to both the United States [Federal Bureau of Investigation](https://www.fbi.gov/tips) and this given platform's staff.
